Update README.md (#6)
katiewoolsey/hello-world: README.md

Now I'm adding some stuff to this file so that I can play around with the behavior in the diff and make some suggestions and comments. 

> Let's make some typooooos. And some more tyupoes that we can fizx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's make some typos. And some more typos that we can fix.
```
I found typos

Author: Thanks so much, I knew that looked wrong! You are a great editor.
